okay now continue off from the right
needle I have marked them all green this
should be the hole that is closest to
you while sitting in front of the
machine
through the inside as well and since
this is the far right needle we will be
working on it on the third guide and
what you do is you send the right needle
through the guide on the furthest right
on the needle clamp pull it through and
then you thread it from the front to
back
now the last piece of thread will do is
swing Tommy looper same concept you'll
take it from the column to the back to
the front straight down in and in this
case different from all the other ones
when you stick it through the hole on
top you have to send it through the tube
so it doesn't tangle up with any of the
other ones thread in here is the same go
to front send it out through them from
the back send it back out to the front
through the hole around the disk out the
thread guides there's two of them over
here make sure you get them both you're
just send it through the guide over here
make sure it's staying in between this
part right here there's another needle
guide right underneath it when it comes
out and then you'll send it from the
front to back just to make it easier
we're gonna remove the knife system and
show you how to thread it from here now
from the thread guide over here you'll
send it back out from the front to the
back in between the disks again there's
one more thread guys here on this side
you want to make sure on this portion
right here you get it underneath there's
an opening over here that you can see
you have to make sure it goes in between
or underneath and through the second
thread guide on the other side okay now
from this point the way we have it set
up right now this is how a manual
machine will be set up where from after
going in between and through the thread
guides from here to here it just goes
direct with an under trim unit you'll
see that there's an extra portion right
here okay this one usually sits right
behind this unit right here this guy
right here so for the automatic unit you
would just feed it through the back of
this portion that we just showed you
earlier on the knife system and then
back out and then through the hole again
you want to make sure when you're
threading the looper when it's all ready
to go make sure you turn it so you can
see the looper at the farthest point to
the right now behind the looper there's
another thread guide
till you pull it through and on the
front point of the looper this is the
part that I shouldn't help you with
making the finish stitch there's another
hole and that's it that's it for
threading this unit for a four thread
unit please check back with us again for
the five thread attachment ready and
it'll be up shortly thank you